Do not choose this
Did you choose to go to a trash receptacle?
Look at yourself.
What qualifications do you have to let others choose you?
Li Qianjiao
You can sell everything you have for interpretation
It makes me sick.
What do you know?
You don't know anything.
You will not
It's hypocritical to say that power doesn't matter
Why are you
You know I've been fighting for the Lin family all these years
How much did I lose?
Now you're saying I'd do anything for power
Yes, so what?
That also forces you to only eat soft rice
Don't talk nonsense, don't talk nonsense
Xiao Lingtian
Without the identity of the young master of the Xiao family, what is it?
Get the hell out of here right now
Xiao Lingtian, you are not qualified to drive us away
We have invitations
What if there is an invitation?
Tell you
Today, President Wan is going to introduce a big shot
It is very likely to be the Lord God of Tianmen
And you are a Xiao family less
Are you eligible to attend such a summit?
Two nights ago.
President Wan is at the entrance of Tianhai Restaurant
Show respect to a stranger
Now it looks like that person must have happened in two days
Xiao Lingtian, I still say that
A Xiao Jiaqi is rarely qualified to stand here
Fairy
One breath at a time
I can see that you are very proud of this hatred
Is it something to do with your grandfather?